hello to all and welcome to this
stupid and assumed tutorial in which
I will show you how to do
spit minecraft then to start
you will create a new map
so the name does not care about creative
generate structures not even type we're going
put a super satisfied ostomy flask
So you will take 7
here you erase this case there
you are writing 5 x 46
5 x 46 so all tied with an x
miniscule you make the price 7
you make tons you do new creature
world
this is my going to put a little bit of
time whatever the case in any case
performance of your pc
I will not cut it
necessarily minecraft will spit you
you may have already understood
Why
but there you go you go
understand if you have not yet
understood when you go to see the head of
the map I just generated so
here is a map while tnt
fully in TNT
I did five deep here that's yes to
nothing underneath we'll go back up
here and now my you take a
red stone torch or a lever
or a button will you choose me I
go take a blog at red stone and
then you activate a TNT and there
it's the end here
really very con
So here I am already planted and we are going
soon to arrive at the crash
oula oula
basically ben if you know the effect
successive explosions of tmt ben
here is the whole map that will fart and
that's it's going to crash is
so there is tnt
surprisingly I have not yet sliced
but it should happen soon considering the
poor performance of my pc i
spit an intel core i5 with with
it
this is me I have a place baker
here I think it'll be put
here
Well here I found it cheek red
had nothing to do and you the famous
minecraft window at this scratch crash
this forgiveness and that's all the towers
error report all that and that's it
this is the end of this video a little
stupid but assumed as I said at the
start and foot there soon for
a little more serious videos